
1) How did viewing a diff between two versions help you spot the bug?
A: Using the diff function allowed me to see exactly which lines of code were unique to each file, allowing me to focus on a narrower set of potential errors than I otherwise would have.

2) How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
A: Having the entire history of a file would allow me to more freely experiment on my code without worrying about screwing something up and spending time getting it to work again.

3) What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
A: Pros - You end up with versions of a file that are logically complete (will run without errors). Plus you end up with a reasonable file size, since you are choosing how often to save.
Cons - Human error. Despite best intentions, a programmer might forget to commit code changes for an extended period of time. Furthermore, the likelihood of a recent version may not be saved if the program crashes.

4) Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A: By nature, code writing involves more situations in which multiple files are edit at the same time. As a result, it’s helpful to commit all files required to run a program at once. Google Docs, on the other hand, are independent files that are self contained. Thus, they treat each file separately.

5) How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A: git log and git diff are used in conjunction. git log shows a list of all the previous commits and ids in a particular repository. The particular ids may be used to compare additions and deletions between versions.

6) How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
A: Knowing that I can always revert to a previous state and pinpoint the code that introduced the error allows me to experiment more freely.

7) Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to try and use Git for all my future coding projects, starting with a ToDoist API experiment.